[Music]
hey kids I think we can all agree that
there are a few pastimes more grotesque
than competitive-eating the concept of a
bunch of guys pushing their Anatomy to
its limits just for sport leaves a bad
taste in my mouth in more ways than one
but imagine if these men didn't adopt
this habit just for fun imagine if some
gross biological error forced them to
eat like this for their entire life
introducing tari tari was born in France
around 1772 to a poor farming family it
said that his appetite was so voracious
that by his teens
Tarara could eat an entire quarter of a
cow carcass in a single day you think
he'd be like mega obese but no he only
weighed a hundred pounds by age 17
however there was still a few things
that stood out about Tarara
appearance-wise for one he had a huge
stretched out mouth with horribly
stained teeth he could reportedly fit 12
eggs in his cheeks at once much like a
chipmunk keeping its chipmunk eggs warm
additionally when terraria was full he'd
get a crazy Octomom gut going and any
other time he'd have a huge flap of
stretched out skin hanging around his
waist he also stank to high hell even by
18th century French peasant standards he
was described as reeking quote to such a
degree that he could not be endured
within the distance of 20 paces so
between all this and is horrendous
outhouse flooding dumps his family had
had enough all right you're eating us
out of house and home here you gotta go
man
you heard me cake bricks froggy wow he
just called a French person a frog
that's so racist no it's not they're all
French the guy just looks like a frog is
all well well too late I'm already
offended that's fair
dislike after leaving home terraria was
forced to beg and steal just to satisfy
his gargantuan appetite inevitably
people began to take notice of him and
eventually he landed a job as a street
performer in Paris people would hand
Terraria entire baskets of apples eggs
and even wine corks and watch in delight
as he horked him down without the
slightest hesitation normally this went
off without a hitch except for one time
when he suffered a severe intestinal
blockage
fortunately the crowd was kind enough to
carry him to the hospital where he was
treated with the strongest laxatives the
18th century had to offer I would draw
what happened next but it would probably
get my channel deleted so let's just
picture it for a few moments
moving on cut to the Year 1795 the War
of the first coalition ever heard of it
me neither who was in it [__]
everyone anyway terraria decided to
enlist in the war after all maybe that
profound emptiness he was feeling was
just a lack of purpose in life
turns out no he really was just
psychotically hungry even after being
granted quadruple rations terraria would
still be digging through the trash pile
whenever he got the chance after
suffering extreme exhaustion he was sent
off to the military hospital in Utah the
staff they were so dumbfounded by the
man's abilities that they decided to
keep him there to run a few experiments
the first of which involve putting two
Rory in a room with a meal prepared for
15 people naturally he ate the entire
thing and immediately fell asleep next
they presented him with a raw eel in
response
Tarara crushed the eels skull between
his teeth before slurping down the
entire creature in one go
now this is hair crunching Lee
horrifying for a couple of reasons
firstly he put a whole freakin eel in
his stomach but secondly there had to be
some point during digestion where the
meat was gone but the bone still
remained now for those of you who don't
know an eel skeleton looks like this
that means Terraria had all of those
needle sized ribs stabbing into the
walls of a stomach at once and he was
fine he also ripped a live cat apart
with his bare hands drank its blood and
ate everything but its bones and then
later gagged up the fur and skin like an
owl but you know that's neither here nor
there after reviewing our data I've come
to the scientific conclusion that uh
yeah we got a goddamn demon on our hands
but as we all know with great devourer
comes great responsibility
since terraria was still technically
enlisted the military decided to utilize
his abilities for the greater good hates
our RA it's me the general listen could
you eat this box with a note in it for
me if you do it will give you a
wheelbarrow full of bull organs oh lo
and behold two days later he passed the
container in mint condition and was
given his reward as promised with this
proof-of-concept they made him an
official spy and sent him into Prussia
with a document in his belly to be
delivered to an imprisoned French
colonel unfortunately there are a couple
things Tariq couldn't do that are
generally important when sneaking into
another country hey he couldn't speak
German and be it's pretty hard to
maintain a low profile when you're
running around like a madman
wolfing down garbage and mutilating
small animals so he ended up being
captured by the enemy
initially he kept his mouth shut for
once but after a whipping in a day in
jail Tarara gave in after confessing
that he did in fact have vital
intelligence snaking its way through his
GI tract the Prussians chained him to a
latrine until lebackes emerged 30 hours
later the note wasn't actually anything
important so they just mock executed him
give him a severe beating and sent him
on his way
after all that terraria returned to life
at the hospital desperate for a cure for
his condition but nothing they ever
tried worked meanwhile the man's endless
hunger continued to get him into all
sorts of trouble he'd often sneaked out
of the hospital to eat the scraps behind
the local butcher and fight stray dogs
in the alley for their precious garbage
he'd also seek out patients undergoing
bloodletting in order to take all their
life juice for himself on several
occasions he was even caught attempting
to eat bodies in the mortuary by this
point my research I was so desensitized
to this guy that I didn't even bat an
eye when I first read that I was just
like all right I guess he must have been
hungry anyway the hospital staff
begrudging Lee tolerated Tiwari's
buffoonery until one day when he went
too far welter RA you've only had three
mess-hall raids for miscellaneous trash
related mishaps and one cadaver defiling
so I'd say so far this week's been
pretty good doctor
we should probably inform you that a 14
month old child has gone missing from
their room
Tarara look at me
did you eat a [__] baby
kirari was promptly kicked out of the
hospital and spent four years out and
about doing you know whatever horrific
[__] you can imagine when he came back
he was suffering from advanced
tuberculosis and died shortly after
arrival during his autopsy the surgeons
found that when they looked into his
mouth they could see all the way down
his throat and into his stomach cavity
as you can imagine his whole abdominal
region was profoundly deformed basically
if this is a normal human this is what
they found inside to our RA just like
the man's mind we can see that around
90% is devoted towards food and 10%
towards everything else so moral of the
story here is that now you know what not
even I can find anything resembling a
moral here not all stories have a point
to them sometimes they're just sad and
disgusting from beginning to end and now
a word from our sponsor as you can
probably tell I'm a very visual person
when it comes to learning I firmly
believe that engaging visuals are an
essential teaching tool that allows for
much deeper comprehension than plain old
walls of text that's why I'm pleased to
introduce our sponsor brilliant org we
all know that math and science are
really important to master and
brilliance elegant UI and step-by-step
design makes the learning seemingly
complex topics very intuitive especially
for visual learners they're
straightforward graphics delightful
animations and interactive puzzles make
it easy and fun to hone your own
critical thinking skills personally I've
always been super intrigued by neural
networks and all the things you can do
with them but I've always been too
intimidated to research them in depth
after learning about brilliance I
actually started taking their course in
the subject and I got to say it's been
such a pleasurable experience that I
plan to continue with it in my own spare
time to support me and learn more about
brilliant good a brilliant org slash
Salmonella and sign up for free also the
first 200 people that go to that link
will get 20% off the annual premium
subscription
till next time I'm salmonella and thank
you for watching
[Music]